the irony of this is I just shared not
too long ago a video of someone who had
like a moment where they had a
conversation with someone who voted for
Trump and they had like their moment of
Awakening right like oh no I might have
made a mistake well folks I just had
mine so for some context I work for an
education company so I work with people
all over the United States and after the
election my company posted on our like
channel that we used to communicate with
um they said you know thank you for
everybody who got out and exercised
their right to vote like yada Y and you
could tell it was very very easy to tell
who voted for who based on how you
reacted to this post and I have to say I
was a little shocked when I saw this
specific person react happily to this
post um because this person that I no
longer work closely with because of just
like
reassignments um this specific person
that I'm going to be referring to lives
in Oklahoma so it's been about 2 weeks
since the election and this person
reached out to me this morning and they
said hey I have a
question you used to sit in IEP meetings
and you have experience with IEPs from
your time in the classroom right and I
said yeah I have experience in Ohio with
IEPs like they do differ by state um but
I can help you know like what's up so
this person continues to tell me that
they just got out of their son's IEP
meeting now their son's supposed to
receive Services next year he's going
into second grade and um they go is it
really
something is it really something that
they can do like they can deny my son's
Services they're saying that they might
not have Services next
year if you've been following anything
in the media lately you are going to get
there before I get there and I said well
legally no if your son has services and
writing an IEP is a legal document and
it protects your son's rights so no it's
it's not legal however if they don't
provide the services and we get rid of
said Department that pushes those
Services you no longer have the
obligation or the school no longer has
the obligation to provide those servic
because they no longer have the
department that provides them they
continue to say well I don't understand
how they can do that like he's supposed
to receive Services they're saying they
might not even have a department next
year and then they're also saying that
they spent a ton of money on new
literature for next year that caught my
attention so I said well what literature
I know what literature but I want to
know what they have to say and then they
say well some sort of literature for
like Western Civilization courses and
you mean the Bibles that Oklahoma just
sent to all of their schools that
schools are going to receive money for
if they actually Implement them that
literature I just sat
there like Jaw on the floor I could not
believe that I was actually experiencing
this in real life like I've seen plenty
of like um people are calling it like
the F around and find out moments that
people are having now that they are
actually seeing what's going to be
happening now that Trump has been voted
in and I didn't think think I'd actually
Experience One firsthand like I have to
say it's a Bittersweet feeling because
to see the ignorance of somebody like
suffer the consequences of their set
actions that student is still going to
suffer because the services that they
need are not going to be available to
them next year because why were people
so like floored that when Trump said he
was going to defund the Department of
Education which by the way this woman is
probably going to run if you don't
recognize her turn on the wrestling
Channel apparently she's associated with
that I just want to be alive for the day
that we actually put somebody in this
position that knows what the f they're
doing this is how teachers feel when we
assign an open book test and you still
get students that fail people had months
years even with this man to study for
the test the test is voting day how are
you going to have years of time to have
an open book test and still fail the
test how how are people floored that
Obamacare is the same thing as the
Affordable Care Act why are people
astonished that grocery prices are
actually going to go up and they already
are starting
to before if they even go down how are
people like mind blown when they're
reading articles about deportation
happening to people that they actually
love and care about in their lives the
privilege to not care and not do proper
research and not figure out what what
the heck is going on in your own country
is really about to bite some people and
unfortunately like in my example it's
not just going to be the voters that pay
for it it's going to be our kids it's
going to be our
students it's going to be the people
that we don't even realize they're going
to be impacted by this and I'm just
like those Bibles though